Six Point Lighting Tutorial (#1792)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/atom-guide/look-dev/six-point-lighting-tutorial.md

      {
         float3 dirToLightTS = WorldSpaceToTangent(dirToLightWS, surface.normal, surface.tangent, surface.bitangent);
         float hMap = (dirToLightTS.x > 0.0f) ? (surface.right) : (surface.left);   // Picks the correct horizontal side.
         float vMap = (dirToLightTS.y > 0.0f) ? (surface.bottom) : (surface.top);   // Picks the correct vertical side.
         float dMap = (dirToLightTS.z > 0.0f) ? (surface.frontside) : (surface.backside);  // Picks the correct front/back side
         float lightMap = hMap*dirToLightTS.x*dirToLightTS.x + vMap*dirToLightTS.y*dirToLightTS.y + dMap*dirToLightTS.z*dirToLightTS.z; // Pythagoras!
         return lightMap;
      }
      ```
   1. Now that we have the helper function, we can use `GetDiffuseLighting` to call the function and apply the results:
      ```hlsl
      float3 GetDiffuseLighting(Surface surface, LightingData lightingData, float3 lightIntensity, float3 dirToLight)
      {
         float lightMap = ComputeLightMap(dirToLight, surface);
         float3 diffuse = lightMap.rrr;
         
         diffuse *= lightIntensity;
         return diffuse;
      }
      ```

> Great, now all the custom surface and lighting is now done! In the **Editor**, look at how your material has lighting now. Try adding more entities with a **Directional Light** component around your material to see the different effects. For example, try moving the light to point to the top of your material and see how the lighting responds accordingly! Also, adjust the **Intensity** of the light in the **Directional Light** component as needed to make your cloud look more realistic. Your material will also respond to other light types and multiple lights at the same time.

Reviewer: "In the Editor, look at how your material has lighting now" -> "Your material should now have lighting in the Editor"

---
linkTitle: Custom Lighting Tutorial with Flipbook Animation
title: Custom Lighting Tutorial with Flipbook Animation
description: A tutorial for custom lighting using a flipbook animation with six-point lighting in the Atom renderer of the Open 3D Engine (O3DE).
toc: true
---

> In this tutorial, we cover how to make your own material type that uses a custom surface with custom lighting. In this case, we will be using a flipbook animation with 6-point lighting. This material type is especially useful for use on effects such as smoke and clouds, since we want to animate movement while still capturing correct lighting. However, traditional lighting methods would not work because it is a 2D texture. Therefore, to apply the correct lighting, we will need a custom material type that uses custom lighting. We follow [this technique](https://realtimevfx.com/t/smoke-lighting-and-texture-re-usability-in-skull-bones/5339) to use six points (top, bottom, left, right, front, and back) and determine which points of the six should be used to compute a lightmap. 

Reviewer 2: We have "6-point", "six-point", and "six point" in various places. Let's use "six-point" everywhere.

Also, let's change "to use six points (top, bottom, left, right, front, and back) and determine which points of the six should be used to compute a lightmap."

to be
"to use six tangent lightmaps (top, bottom, left, right, front, and back) to approximate how a texel should be lit from any given direction."

      context:SetMaterialPropertyVisibility("sixPointLighting.TLRB", MaterialPropertyVisibility_Hidden)
      context:SetMaterialPropertyVisibility("sixPointLighting.FB", MaterialPropertyVisibility_Hidden)
      context:SetMaterialPropertyVisibility("sixPointLighting.RLT", MaterialPropertyVisibility_Enabled)
      context:SetMaterialPropertyVisibility("sixPointLighting.BBF", MaterialPropertyVisibility_Enabled)
   end
   ```
In order to see the **Material Editor** changes take place, we need to make a six point lighting material.

## Make a six point lighting material
Let's make a material using our six point lighting material type.
1. Open up the **Material Editor** and make a new material with the six point lighting type.
1. Find the **Six Point Lighting** properties in the **Inspector** on the right.
1. Notice how the default **Texture Pack Mode** is `TpLftRtBt_FrBck`. The two properties below that correspond to this texture pack mode, and the properties for the other texture pack mode are hidden! Select `RtLftTp_BtBckFr` and observe how the properties change. Now, select `RLT.png` for the **Right Left Top** property, and `BBF.png` for the **Bottom Back Front** property. 

> 2. Under **Base Color** > **Texture**, choose `Alpha.png`. Then, disable **Use Texture**. We are disabling this texture because we don't actually want to use the texture for our base color, but instead only use the alpha channel as shown in the next step. 

Author: Yes, sometimes my editor automatically updates the numbers but I fixed them!

   ``` 

Open the **Editor** again and look at the animation! We don't have any custom lighting just yet, so we should just see the animation of the base color with the alpha texture.

{{< video src="/images/atom-guide/six-point-lighting/animation.mp4" autoplay="true" loop="true" width="100%" muted="true" info="Video of the animation." >}}

## Make a custom surface
For six-point lighting to work, we will need to add a few parameters to make our custom surface. A surface essentially defines the properties of the look and feel of the material and how it interacts with lighting. Two example properties are `metallic` and `albedo`. `metallic` defines how metallic something may look while `albedo` indicates how much this material should reflect light.

For our surface, we need to add properties that define the six directions:
1. Open `SixPointSurface.azsli`.
1. Inside the `Surface` class, under the list of `BasePbrSurfaceData`, add:
   ```hlsl
   float top;
   float left;
   float right;
   float bottom;
   float frontside;
   float backside;
   float3 tangent;
   float3 bitangent;
   ```

>    The first six floats define the light value if light came in from that direction on one particular pixel. For example, if we were looking at a pixel at the top of the texture and light came from the top, the `top` float would be around `255.0`, the max value in the RGB scale. Consequently, a pixel at the bottom of the texture that is covered would probably have the `top` float as `0.0` because there shouldn't be any lighting around there. 

Author: I see! Thanks

      {
         float3 dirToLightTS = WorldSpaceToTangent(dirToLightWS, surface.normal, surface.tangent, surface.bitangent);
         float hMap = (dirToLightTS.x > 0.0f) ? (surface.right) : (surface.left);   // Picks the correct horizontal side.
         float vMap = (dirToLightTS.y > 0.0f) ? (surface.bottom) : (surface.top);   // Picks the correct vertical side.
         float dMap = (dirToLightTS.z > 0.0f) ? (surface.frontside) : (surface.backside);  // Picks the correct front/back side
         float lightMap = hMap*dirToLightTS.x*dirToLightTS.x + vMap*dirToLightTS.y*dirToLightTS.y + dMap*dirToLightTS.z*dirToLightTS.z; // Pythagoras!
         return lightMap;
      }
      ```
   1. Now that we have the helper function, we can use `GetDiffuseLighting` to call the function and apply the results:
      ```hlsl
      float3 GetDiffuseLighting(Surface surface, LightingData lightingData, float3 lightIntensity, float3 dirToLight)
      {
         float lightMap = ComputeLightMap(dirToLight, surface);
         float3 diffuse = lightMap.rrr;
         
         diffuse *= lightIntensity;
         return diffuse;
      }
      ```

> Great, now all the custom surface and lighting is now done! In the **Editor**, look at how your material has lighting now. Try adding more entities with a **Directional Light** component around your material to see the different effects. For example, try moving the light to point to the top of your material and see how the lighting responds accordingly! Also, adjust the **Intensity** of the light in the **Directional Light** component as needed to make your cloud look more realistic. 

Reviewer 2: I would add "Your material will also respond to other light types and multiple lights at the same time" to indicate that this is not specific to just the directional light.

---
linkTitle: Custom Lighting Tutorial with Flipbook Animation
title: Custom Lighting Tutorial with Flipbook Animation
description: A tutorial for custom lighting using a flipbook animation with six-point lighting in the Atom renderer of the Open 3D Engine (O3DE).
toc: true
---

> This tutorial covers how to make a material type that uses a custom surface with custom lighting, specifically for a flipbook animation with six-point lighting. This material type is especially useful for effects such as smoke and clouds to animate movement while still capturing correct lighting. Traditional 3D lighting methods do not work on 2D textures so, to apply the correct lighting, you will need a custom material type that uses custom lighting. We follow [this technique](https://realtimevfx.com/t/smoke-lighting-and-texture-re-usability-in-skull-bones/5339) to use six tangent lightmaps (top, bottom, left, right, front, and back) to approximate how a texel should be lit from any given direction. 

Reviewer 3: Great ideas here. Some sentences can be rearranged to make it easier to follow. We want to clearly distinguish what we are doing and how. What is the user's one goal in this tutorial? Based on the the title, it seems that the major learning goal is applying six point lighting to an animated 2D object. How we do this is through a custom material type and shader. And the end result what we're making is a cloud/smoke effect. Right now, there's a lot going on and it's not clear to me what the goal is.

	I also think there's a lot of terminology here, so I'm not sure what to call the material type we are creating. (E.g. Six-point lighting, flipbook animation, custom lighting, custom surface.) Later, you call this six-point lighting material type, which clears it up. But it would help if that was clear from the first paragraph.

Author: This makes sense, I tried to consolidate the ideas into one sentence and then make another paragraph for the rest of the information:

> This tutorial covers how to make a six-point lighting material type by writing custom shaders to apply lighting to an animated 2D object, creating a cloud/smoke effect.

> Traditional 3D lighting methods do not work on 2D textures so, to apply the correct lighting, you will need a material type that uses a custom surface with custom lighting. We follow [this technique](https://realtimevfx.com/t/smoke-lighting-and-texture-re-usability-in-skull-bones/5339) to use six tangent lightmaps (top, bottom, left, right, front, and back) to approximate how a texel should be lit from any given direction.

Reviewer 3: This is great and reads a lot better :) 

You can remove the link to the technique. This technique's been used and presented in the VFX industry before, so the post isn't the main source of the material.

> The six-point lighting material type uses textures that color the illuminated parts of the texture if light came from a corresponding direction. For example, red texels could indicate that lighting from the left should light up those particular texels, whereas blue texels could indicate which texel should be lit up by lighting from the top. Thus, magenta (red + blue) texels could mean that lighting from both the left and top should be applied to those texels. This information can then be used to form the six tangent lightmaps and apply lighting on the material accordingly.

Author: Added a picture that compares the lightmap to the result!

This tutorial covers the following concepts:
* Edit your own material type
* Toggle property visibility in the **Material Editor** with Lua
* Change the UV for animation
* Make a custom surface

> * Add custom lighting

Author: Makes sense, I edited the concepts to look like this:

> This tutorial covers the following concepts:
> * Edit your own material type
> * Toggle property visibility in the **Material Editor** with Lua
> * Animate materials
> * Edit pixel shaders 
>    * Add custom surface
>    * Add custom lighting

1. Download or clone the `o3de/sample-code-gems` repository from [GitHub]().

2.  Move all of the files in `atom_gems/AtomTutorials/Templates/SixPointLighting/` to `{your-project-path}/Materials/Types`. Make the folders as needed. These template files have everything set up for you to get started with creating your own custom surface and lighting.
   
3. Move all the files in `atom_gems/AtomTutorials/Assets/SixPointLighting/Objects/` to `{your-project-path}/Objects`. 
   
   {{< note >}}
   These textures are provided from [this Github repository (Unity-URP-SmokeLighting)](https://github.com/peeweek/Unity-URP-SmokeLighting/tree/main/Assets/VFX/SmokeLighting/Textures/2D) and distributed under the MIT license.
   {{< /note >}}

4. Open `{your-project-path}\Materials\Types\SixPointLighting.materialtype` in a text editor. 

5. Under `propertyLayout` > `propertyGroups`, notice that there are many entries with `{your-path-to-o3de}`. Replace `{your-path-to-o3de}` with your appropriate path to the engine.
   
   For example, `C:/o3de/Gems/Atom/Feature/Common/Assets/Materials/Types/MaterialInputs/BaseColorPropertyGroup.json`.

>    {{< known-issue >}}
>    Currently, O3DE cannot import property groups across Gems. So, you must hard code the absolute path as a proof of concept, even though hard-coding is not recommended as it restricts portability. 
> 
>    There is a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/issues/10623) to enable importing across Gems.
>    {{< /known-issue>}}

Reviewer 4: Suggest removing this callout. Submit an issue o3de.org to include this in the known issues for Release Notes. We have a forthcoming RFC that will provide guidance around documenting know-issues that is intended to increase visibility and prevent these callouts from persisting in documentation after the issue has been resolved.

```suggestion
```

Author: Submitted the issue #1904

These files already include all of the properties that you will need. If you are unsure how to add or use properties, reference [this step](). The properties you will need are:
* `o_sixPointTexturePackMode` - property option to choose which texture pack mode to use
* `m_topLeftRightBottomMap` - property to hold texture defining the top, left, right, bottom light map
* `m_frontBackMap` - property to hold texture defining the front, back light map
* `m_rightLeftTopMap;` - property to hold texture defining the right, left, top light map
* `m_bottomBackFrontMap` - property to hold texture defining the bottom, back, front light map
* `o_enableDepthTexture` - property for whether or not to use a depth texture
* `m_depthMap` - property to hold depth texture map
* `m_depthScale` - property for the scale of the depth texture
* `m_rowCount` - property for number of rows of animation in the flipbook
* `m_columnCount` - property for number of columns animation in the flipbook
* `o_enableDebugFrame` - property to toggle wheter to enable debugging on a single frame of the animation

> * `m_debugFrame` - property for the frame number to debug.

Author: Great suggestion, I made it into a table & it is good to call it material type properties!

`o_enableDepthTexture` and `o_enableDebugFrame` are defined at the bottom of `SixPointLighting_Common.azsli` and `o_sixPointTexturePackMode` is defined in the *Material Parameters* of `SixPointLighting_ForwardPass.azsl`. The rest of the properties are defined in the `MaterialSrg` in `SixPointLighting_Common.azsli`.

{{< note >}}
Everything involving `depth`, including the depth pass and the three properties, won't be used in this tutorial because we lack a depth map texture. However, `SixPointLighting_DepthPass_WithPS.azsl` in the final files does provide the code for adjusting the depth, so you can take a look at that if you are interested in how we would adjust the depth pixel shader.
{{< /note >}}

## Write Lua functor to toggle visibility in the Material Editor

> The six-point lighting material type allows for six tangent lightmaps that correspond to six colors from the textures. However, each texture can only contain up to four channels (red, green, blue, alpha), so the technique requires two textures. The channels used for each texture can be up to the artist, but this material type in this tutorial will provide support for two options:

Author: I added a phrase and sentence at the end that hopefully clarifies a little:

> The channels used for each texture can be up to the artist, but this material type in this tutorial will provide support for two options for the color-channel-to-direction mapping. The mapping will later be used for determining the appropriate lighting.

      context:SetMaterialPropertyVisibility("sixPointLighting.BBF", MaterialPropertyVisibility_Enabled)
   end
   ```

## Make a six-point lighting material
In order to see the Material Editor changes take place, make a six-point lighting material.

1. Open the **Material Editor**, and make a new material with the six-point lighting material type.
   
2. Find the **Six Point Lighting** properties in the **Inspector**.
   
3. Notice how the default **Texture Pack Mode** is `TpLftRtBt_FrBck`. The two properties below that correspond to this texture pack mode, and the properties for the other texture pack mode are hidden. 

4. Select `RtLftTp_BtBckFr` for the **Texture Pack Mode** and observe how the properties change.

5. Set the following properties accordingly:
    * **Six Point Lighting**
      * **Texture Pack Mode**: `RtLftTp_Bt_BckFr`
      * **Right Left Top**: `SmokeBall01_6Way_RLT_8x8.png`
      * **Bottom Back Front**: `SmokeBall01_6Way_BBF_8x8.png`
      * **Rows in Flipbook**: `8.0`
      * **Columns in Flipbook**: `8.0`
    * **Base Color**
      * **Texture**: `SmokeBall01_ColorCC_8x8.png`
      * **Use Texture**: Disabled
         {{< note >}}

>          Using the texture as the base color will discolor how the material looks, but the texture's alpha channel will be used for the opacity.

Author: I see, the two phrases I wrote don't relate at all. I replaced the sentence with this:

>  {{< note >}}
>  You don't want to use the texture as the base color because it will discolor the material. However, setting the base color texture property is necessary to use the texture's alpha channel for the opacity.
>  {{< /note >}}

         {{< /note >}}
    * **Opacity**
      * **Opacity Mode**: `Blended`
      * **Alpha Source**: `Packed`
         {{< note >}}

>          A `Packed` alpha source means the material will use the alpha channel packed into the base color texture.

Author: Yes, replaced with

> A `Packed` alpha source means the material will use the alpha channel from the base color texture.

         {{< /note >}}
      * **Factor**: `1.0`
      * **Alpha affects specular**: `1.0`
    * **UVs**
      * **Center** > **U**: `0.0`
      * **Center** > **V**: `0.0`
    * **General Settings**
      * **Double-sided**: Enabled
         {{< note >}}
         Enabling this setting allows for rendering of the back side of the material.
         {{< /note >}}
   
6.  In the **Editor**, make an entity with **Mesh** and **Material** components. Choose a plane for the **Mesh** (`o3de/Gems/Atom/Tools/MaterialEditor/Assets/MaterialEditor/ViewportModels/Plane_1x1.fbx`) and the material you just created for the material.

{{< image-width src="/images/atom-guide/six-point-lighting/material.png" width="100%" alt="Material added." >}}

As of now, the entity should just display the whole alpha texture with all the frames.

{{< image-width src="/images/atom-guide/six-point-lighting/all-frames.png" width="100%" alt="All frames of the texture." >}}

## Add animation

> The next step is to add animation to the material. The textures contain all the frames of the animation so you will programatically iterate through the frames.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The next step is to add animation to the material. The textures contain all the frames of the animation so you will programmatically iterate through the frames.
```

1. Open `SixPointLighting_Common.azsli`.
   
2. At the bottom, add a function to get the position of the correct frame in the texture map according to the time.
   ```glsl
   float2 GetUvForCurrentFrame(float2 baseUv)
   {
      // Fixed frequency of 30hz
      // Get the current frame
      float frame = (float)(((double)SceneSrg::m_time / (33.3333)) * 1000.0) % (MaterialSrg::m_columnCount * MaterialSrg::m_rowCount);

      if(o_enableDebugFrame)
      {
         // The frame input by the material is 1-indexed, so subtract 1 here to make it 0-indexed
         frame = MaterialSrg::m_debugFrame - 1.0f;
      }

      // Get the row/column of the frame
      float frameColumn = floor(frame % MaterialSrg::m_columnCount);
      float frameRow = floor(frame / MaterialSrg::m_columnCount) % MaterialSrg::m_rowCount;
      
      float2 invColumnRowCounts = float2(1.0f, 1.0f) / float2(MaterialSrg::m_columnCount, MaterialSrg::m_rowCount);
      float2 sixPointUv = (baseUv + float2(frameColumn, frameRow)) * invColumnRowCounts;

      return sixPointUv;
   }
   ```
   {{< note >}}

>    This function includes an if statement for if you enabled debugging for a specific frame in the **Material Editor**. If so, then the frame will be the frame specified instead of the frame according to the time. This functionality can be helpful for looking at specific frames of the animation to ensure lighting is being applied correctly.

Reviewer 3: Attempted to rephrase the first sentence so it flows better.
```suggestion
   The condition, `if(o_enableDebugFrame)`, occurs if you enabled debugging for a specific frame, which can be set via the **Material Editor**. If enabled, this function uses the specified frame instead of the current frame. This functionality can help ensure that lighting is correctly applied in a specific frame.  
```

   {
      float4 topLeftRightBottom = MaterialSrg::m_topLeftRightBottomMap.Sample(MaterialSrg::m_sampler, sixPointUv);
      float4 frontBack = MaterialSrg::m_frontBackMap.Sample(MaterialSrg::m_sampler, sixPointUv);
      surface.top = topLeftRightBottom.r;
      surface.left = topLeftRightBottom.g;
      surface.right = topLeftRightBottom.b;
      surface.bottom = topLeftRightBottom.a;
      surface.frontside = frontBack.r;
      surface.backside = frontBack.g;
   }
   else
   {
      float4 rightLeftTop = MaterialSrg::m_rightLeftTopMap.Sample(MaterialSrg::m_sampler, sixPointUv);
      float4 bottomBackFront = MaterialSrg::m_bottomBackFrontMap.Sample(MaterialSrg::m_sampler, sixPointUv);
      surface.right = rightLeftTop.r;
      surface.left = rightLeftTop.g;
      surface.top = rightLeftTop.b;
      surface.bottom = bottomBackFront.r;
      surface.backside = bottomBackFront.g;
      surface.frontside = bottomBackFront.b;
   }
   ```

4. Initalize the `tangent` and `bitangent` surface properties right after:
   ```glsl
   surface.tangent = tangents[0];
   surface.bitangent = bitangents[0];
   ```

## Add custom lighting

> Now that you have set up the six-point surface, you can use the new surface properties in custom lighting. You will make customize two types of lighting: directional lighting and image-based lighting (IBL). Directional lighting is lighting for if a light came from a direction, while IBL simulates omni-directional reflective, almost ambient, lighting from the environment around the entity.

Author: Together!

### Add custom directional lighting

> As discussed earlier, you will make a light map that uses the lighting direction to determine which combination of the six sides should be lit up. Then, you can take the intensity of the light and how much the texel should be lit up from lighting in that direction to compute the overall lighting on that particular texel.

Author: I agree, I mention "how much the texel should be lit up from lighting in that direction" a lot but it is very wordy.  I don't think there's an actual name for this since it's a niche idea, but at the beginning of the tutorial, I added

> {{< important >}}
> For simplicity in this tutorial, we will refer to "how much a texel should be lit up from lighting in that direction" as the "texel's directional intensity."
> {{< /important >}}

and then replaced the parts in the tutorial with "texel's directional intensity." Do you think this approach is better?

> As discussed earlier, you will make a light map that uses the lighting direction to determine which combination of the six sides should be lit up. Then, you can take the intensity of the light and how much the texel should be lit up from lighting in that direction to compute the overall lighting on that particular texel.

Author: How is this?

> As discussed earlier, you will make a light map that uses the lighting direction to determine which combination of the six sides to light up. Then, you will use the brightness with the texel's direction-respective lighting intensity to compute the overall lighting on that particular texel.

   2. Notice the functions `GetDiffuseLighting()` and `GetSpecularLighting()`. You will want to edit these two achieve the desired effects. 

      The six-point lighting `ForwardPassPS_Common` shader uses the default `ApplyDirectLighting()` function, which will iterate over the lights that apply to this object and invoke these custom `GetDiffuseLighting()` and `GetSpecularLighting()` functions for each light.

2. Start off editing the lighting simply with `GetSpecularLighting()`.
   
   Specular lighting simulates the bright spot on a shiny object that most brightly reflects light into the camera. In the six-point lighting case, you do not need any specular lighting because 1) specular lighting can't effectively be applied on the 2D textures and 2) the use cases do not require it, as you are mainly using this technique for clouds and non-shiny objects.

   1. Edit the `GetSpecularLighting()` function to not return any specular lighting.
   
      ```glsl
      float3 GetSpecularLighting(Surface surface, LightingData lightingData, const float3 lightIntensity, const float3 dirToLight)
      {
         return float3(0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f);
      }

>       ```

Author: Good points, I should add another sentence for this but this function is called by a lighting function in a different file so it doesn't appear anywhere else. The specular function is define in the templates file because that's the default implementation for StandardPBR; I'll add a sentence for this as well.

>       ```

Reviewer 3: Will this shader code still run if this function didn't exist? I'm wondering if specular lighting is used anywhere else in the six-point lighting material. If not, it might be best to remove it from the templates. Then you can remove it from this documentation as well.

>       ```

Author: I see; the shader code unfortunately won't run if the function didn't exist. But if you think this part is unhelpful, I could just have the template file use the final specular lighting code that uses `return float3(0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f);`? Then I could add a sentence about the specular lighting but otherwise get rid of this section of the tutorial.

>       ```

Reviewer 3: Yeah, if possible could you return (0,0,0) in the template instead? I don't think there's value in having it in the tutorial, since the material type the user's creating doesn't use specular lighting. If anything, it's informative to know that specular lighting doesn't apply to 2D textures well.

>       ```

Author: Yes, will change the code for that & I placed the specular lighting explanation above when I said to look at the functions!

   For example, at the top of a texture, `surface.top` would be very intense (around `255.0`), but `surface.bottom` would be very mild (around `0.0`). Therefore, at the top of the texture the `bottomSample` would essentially have no effect on the color. 
   {{< /tip >}}

5. Open the Editor and turn off any lights. You should see the colors on your material reflect those of the skybox (blue at the top and orange at the bottom).

   {{< video src="/images/atom-guide/six-point-lighting/ibl.mp4" autoplay="true" loop="true" width="100%" muted="true" info="Video of rotating the six-point lighting material to see how IBL affects the " >}}

6. Turn on the lights again and observe how IBL works with the directional lighting!

   {{< video src="/images/atom-guide/six-point-lighting/final.mp4" autoplay="true" loop="true" width="100%" muted="true" info="Video of changing direction of the light applied onto the six-point lighting cloud." >}}

Awesome, you added custom directional lighting and IBL!

## Download the AtomTutorial Gem sample

> Now that you've completed this tutorial, you can compare your results to our working version of six-point lighting in the **AtomTutorials** Gem in the [o3de/sample-code-gems repository](https://github.com/o3de/sample-code-gems). You can either download and place the [final working six point lighting files]() in your project, or you can [download the Gem and add it to the engine]() if you haven't already in the [vertex deformation tutorial](). 

Reviewer 3: For `path`, write out the name of the path to the files. For `link`, provide a link to the files in GitHub.
```suggestion
Now that you've completed this tutorial, you can compare your results to our working version of six-point lighting in the **AtomTutorials** Gem in the [o3de/sample-code-gems repository](https://github.com/o3de/sample-code-gems). You can either download the final six point lighting files from [path](link) and place them in your project, or you can download the Gem and add it to the engine (see [Adding and Removing Gems in a Project](/docs/user-guide/project-config/add-remove-gems/)).
```
